It’s one AM by the time we reach Norton.
If I was exhausted at the start of the trip, five hours of driving has certainly not helped. While the forested hills along I-81 were pretty enough in daylight, nightfall and a lack of electric lighting quickly swallowed up the distraction of scenery. I suspect I have a higher tolerance than most for long periods spent staring at moving tarmac. Still, staying awake at the wheel took more effort than I care to admit. 
To your credit, you did offer to drive. I supposed you meant it as a kindness, but I didn’t bother dignifying it with a response. You don’t have a license, and having experienced your driving before, I can confidently say you shouldn’t.
At the parking lot’s entrance, the Archer Motel’s namesake stands proud. She is wrought of neon tube, elegantly poised, her bow drawn back to her shoulder, arrow ready to fly over oncoming traffic. As I pull in, her flickering turns potholed asphalt into gilded waves, into shadowed asteroid landscape, and back again. I’d appreciate the effect more if sleep deprivation wasn’t already blurring my vision, with the rapid change of lighting only worsening matters.
Blearily, I rub my eyes. Then I kill the engine and smack your shoulder. You awaken with a start, a mumble, and a yawn, before blinking at the building in front of us. 
You seem thoroughly unimpressed by the sight, and appropriately so.
“Don’t let me say you never take me to nice places,” you remark, drily. 
I leave the car without replying. You follow. 
In a reception room constructed mostly of plastic impersonating wood sits a frizzy haired, flannel-clad woman holding a book of crossword puzzles. The computer at her desk illuminates her more than does the light fixture overhead. 
“Can I help you?” the receptionist monotones as the door’s bell announces our arrival, without bothering to set aside her book, or look up.
“Yes,” I respond, approaching her desk, “I’ll be needing a room for the next few nights.” 
Babara -- I discover her name once I’m close enough to read her name tag -- finally puts down the crosswords and makes herself busy shuffling around the computer’s mouse. A few seconds of mouse-click punctuated silence passes, before she notices there’s two of us. 
“He with you?” she asks.
A fair enough question, we make an odd pair. Especially since, as you so kindly pointed out, I look dreadful right now, and you’re as pristine and put together as always. Your hair is a shade of white people usually have to spend hundreds to achieve via bottle. It falls, light and feathery, around your ears and across your forehead in a manner that attests to a meticulous conditioning routine. Even I can appreciate the precision with which you’ve applied your eyeliner. The gauzy white shirt you’re wearing threatens to slip off your shoulders in a way I’m sure is quite fashionable. Most people wouldn’t guess we were only a year apart in age; your delicate facial structure and smooth skin makes you plausibly several years younger than you actually are. Meanwhile, I’m regularly mistaken for older than I am. It's something about my “resting bitch face,” my proclivity for “boring conversation,” and general “haunting appearance,” I’m told. By you, at least. And it’s probably safe to assume my current state of dishevelment isn’t helping in that regard.
“I’m not sure,” I answer, turning towards you, “is he?” I ask aloud, because you’re too busy fussing with the corner of a peeling section of fake wood paneling to see the questioning look I’m directing towards you.
“One room, two beds,” you reply, attention still fixed on the exposed, triangular section of discolored drywall you’re slowly expanding.
“Well there you have it,” I say, turning back to Barbara.
Barbara raises her eyebrows, then wordlessly resumes her clicking. 
A minute later I have a key dangling from my fingers as we make our way down a row of identical paint chipped doors.
“Jonesy, we just passed our room,” you inform me. 
“Indeed,” I confirm, leaving room 102 behind. 
	You continue following me in silence, but I imagine your unasked question goes answered when I stop in front of room 113. Police tape lies crossed over the door in an X, ends fluttering where the adhesive has given up. I remove a pair of gloves from my pockets. My lockpicks are about to follow, before I remember you’re here and may as well be useful. I turn to you instead, head tilted toward the doorknob. 
	“So, do I get to know who’s room we’re breaking into?” you ask, crouching until you’re eye level with the lock. Your fingertip begins tracing the outline of a circle, drawing out spellwork in lines of light. The glow of your magic paints your face in soft shades of pink, while the archer illuminates the back of your head in sporadic bursts of functionality. Your hair is so lacking in pigment it isn’t just white, it’s borderline translucent. The archer’s light doesn’t shine on your hair so much as it shines through it, haloing you in luminous, fine strands of gold. Places where neither light source reaches — the underside of your jaw,  the space behind your ear, the edge following the tendon in your neck — are shadowed in a color too rich to be proper black but too dark to identify as blue or red or purple. Concentration forms a small crease between your eyebrows while you work.
“Adriana Pendrid,” I respond, after a moment. “She’s a travel… photographer. Of sorts. Or was, as the case may be.” I wave toward the police tape as I say the last bit. 
“Travel photographer” may not be the right term for Pendrid. Unfortunately I struggle to understand her actual vocation, much less describe it. At the very least it is accurate to say she traveled a great deal, and documented said travel. Her Instagram account mainly features intensely saturated and pleasingly blurred photographs of fanciful food items in absurdly small portions, sunsets over a variety of bodies of water, and self portraits before beautiful landscapes that left little room for the landscape itself in the frame. The captions accompanying her pictures, that is, the small sections that weren’t hashtag, usually implied she was involved in some sort of business venture wherever her location was. The exact nature of said ventures were never clear. But given the frequency and confidence with which she promoted her business video courses, one would assume they were quite productive. 
“By your use of past tense and the lovely decor, I’ll assume she’s one of our missing persons cases?” you ask.
“Correct.”
A few seconds pass before you pause your work, your hand tumbling in the rolling gesture you make to indicate you expect me to offer more information.
“She came to participate in the festivities,” I add. Her final Instagram post declared as much. The post’s photo was a fairly standard depiction of what I have come to recognize as Pendrid’s morning routine for those who love the grind, as she would put it. That is to say, it was an image of her staring pensively out a window, dreadlocks gathered in a complicated bun arrangement, her dark skin a striking contrast to a blindingly white and minimalist kitchen, the blender before her in the process of liquifying spinach. The text underneath invited her followers to find her booth at the upcoming convention in Hyde Park, Kansas. “Some sort of mundane gathering for those interested in witchcraft. There’s supposed to be seances, tarot readings, healing circles, that kind of nonsense. Pendrid intends to sell merchandise.”
“Merchandise of the arcane variety?” you ask, the crease on your forehead deepening further as you work out a particularly small bit of spellscript. I probably could have had the door open by now with lockpicks, but whatever spell you’ve chosen looks like a clever bit of magic. I presume it’s intended to work on far tricker locks than this, and I won’t pretend I don’t enjoy seeing a good spell cast well. 
“Indeed. It appears that in addition to being an ‘influencer,’ ‘lifestyle guru,’ ‘trendsetter,’ ‘business consultant,’ and ‘model,’” (her profile biography contained many evocative nouns), “Ms. Pendrick was also a self-declared dabbler in magic.”
“Hmm. Mundane or the real deal?”
I tilt my head to the side to muse. “Well, she guarantees the dyed quartz sold in her online store promotes financial success. So long as you can give them the positive energy they need to work, of course.”
You laugh, bright, sudden, and sharp, as the lock finally clicks. 
By the glow of the pink witchlight you bring to life in your hands, and the beam of a flashlight I flick on, we discover a room as shabby as it is expectedly so. The furniture appears as though it intended to look old and charming upon its creation, failed, and only worsened with genuine age. Whoever chose the carpet picked a color several shades too light to hide coffee stains. I’d probably find the bed a dismaying portent for our own sleeping arrangements. If I weren’t accustomed to dismaying sleeping arrangements. Or if I weren’t weary enough to find even the unfortunate carpet a tempting surface to lie upon.  
Despite the police tape outside, Pendrid’s room otherwise bears little resemblance to a crime scene. The suitcase at the foot of her bed remains open and mostly unpacked, the clothes inside folded and tucked away, neatly enough that I doubt the police actually searched them. The row of boxes along the far wall -- Pendrid’s merchandise, presumably -- appear similarly undisturbed. That, and the lack of any dust yet accumulated on her belongings, gives the feeling that Pendrid only just recently stepped out and may well return at any moment.
“You know I can’t say I was expecting the world’s most exciting crime scene, but I feel like they could have thrown in a few of those little numbered white cards, or whatever. For atmosphere,” you remark, voicing a similar sort of disappointment to my own.
“Evidence identification markers, you mean,” I say, proffering an extra set of gloves. 
“Oh of course you know what they’re called,” you snort, snatching the gloves out of my hand and stepping past me.
The first ten minutes of searching turn up nothing. I’m prodding around underneath the bed, investigating several impressively sized dust clumps when you call for my attention. 
“Jonesy,” you say, “get over here.” 
I’m all too happy to oblige. I was running out of places to search that weren’t Pendrid’s suitcase. While it might be nice if we took turns from time to time, I’ve long since discovered if there’s something I loathe more than rifling through other people’s clothing, it’s being met with your stubborn argument of well I hate it more. 
You offer up a rock for my inspection as I crouch down next to you. It’s a rather unremarkable piece of quartz, easily lost among the rest of the stones in the cardboard box you’ve been rummaging through. At least, this is my first impression. When I take it from you I’m surprised to feel a faint, but undeniable buzz of magic against my skin. 
“So that is something?” you ask as I tilt the stone around. 
“Definitely magic,” I confirm. I’m honestly impressed you found it; I have a far better feel for magic objects and I’m not sure I could have noticed without touching it. It must have been barely perceptible to you. “I couldn’t tell you the purpose, but whatever effect it has can’t be that strong.” 
“Wow, and you doubted poor Adriana. You accused her of peddling bullshit, Jonesy. Without any hard evidence. For shame.”
“Actually, I believe I only implied she peddled bullshit,” I correct, grabbing a handful of rocks as a test. “And I’ll admit I wasn’t expecting to find real magic items among her things, but I think I’ll hold onto some of my doubts for now.”  I don’t feel any more magic buzz, and while the rocks are pretty enough, they are definitely not worth twenty five dollars each.
“Still, whatever she’s selling to the mundies she’s definitely more interesting than just another victim now.”
“What makes you so certain?” I ask. We’re both aware that if a mundane spends enough time trying to acquire magic items, even without any real idea of what they’re doing, they have a fair chance of happening upon a genuine article. Often without even realizing it. Pendrid may have simply gotten lucky.
“For one, that,” you point at the crystal, “wasn’t just tossed in with the rest of this stuff, it was placed exactly in the corner of the box. Easily mistaken for part of the junk if you don’t know what you’re looking for, but easily recovered if you know what and where it is.”
“So she knew it was magic and was trying to hide it,” I extrapolate. I frown. There’s no chance of my being able to identify the stone’s magic. Crystals tend to fall outside my speciality even when naturally formed, and this one has been tumbled. You might be able to figure it out given a week. While I admit I like the idea of keeping you thus occupied for a few days, I’m sure you would rip my head off for suggesting such a “boring” use of your time.
“Correctamundo, Jonesy!” you affirm, with enthusiasm. 
“I’ll admit it’s a point of interest that someone aware of real magic is here,” I say, “but we still don’t have any confirmation that the supernatural is to blame for the disappearances. Much less that Pendrid was involved.”
“Oh, Jonesy Jonesy Jonesy,” you say, trying to take my face into your hands until I smack them away. “Do you really think I’d be here if there wasn’t something interesting going on?”
Of course, you make a point. More than anything else, your interest in being somewhere is an extremely high indicator of something ridiculous, or dangerous, most likely ridiculous and dangerous, going on. “So is this where I get to know whatever Lilith told you?” I ask.
“Why yes, I do believe it's about time I upheld my end of the deal, isn’t it?” you say, smiling. You begin arranging yourself more suitably for dramatic reveal -- at least, that’s how I’ve learned to recognize the behavior. The accompanying pause goes on much longer than I care for before you finally speak:
“Lilith said she felt something extremely powerful move into the area. About three weeks ago.”
I wait for more information, before I realize there’s none forthcoming. “That’s it?” 
You throw up your hands. “God, Jonesy does anything excite you-”
“I was just hoping for more specificity considering I did provide taxi service for a hundred or so miles.” I retort, cutting you off.
“Ughhhhhhh fine,” you answer, “she said whatever it was, it felt old. Not like, dawn of creation old but old. That’s all she got before it started isolating the section of ley line here.”
	“I’m sorry,” I reply, now thoroughly alarmed, “what the hell does isolating a ley line mean? And isn’t the Virginia line too far underground to access from the surface?”
“I don’t know, she just said it was isolating the ley line so she couldn’t feel it anymore. And apparently the Virginia line turns pretty sharply upward right by Norton. Not enough for most people to care, but enough for whatever’s here I guess.”
I stare at you until you spread your hands out. No more information then. 
With that I stand and start toward the door. “Keep searching. I’ll be a moment,” I tell you.
“Wait, what? Seriously? Where are you going? Jonah? I’m not searching the damn suitcase Jonah!” you call out as the door swings shut behind me.
Along the parking lot’s edge, where the archer’s sputtering yellow light gives out into night, lurks a bedraggled strip of wood. Years of beer cans and glass shard crunch underfoot as I shove past a pair of snarling bushes. I don’t bother with my flashlight. The waning moon overhead lines branches and leaves in thin, but sharp, lines of silver. The strip is smaller than I would have hoped; it couldn’t be much more than thirty feet across. But it’ll do. 
Upon locating a relatively clear and litter-free patch of ground, I pull out a folding knife and start digging. I only need a hole about six inches deep; it doesn’t take long. Before I finish I can tell you were right about the ley line. I was too tired and distracted to notice it earlier. Now that I’m paying attention, it’s unmistakable. There’s power buried in the earth here. Faint, but undeniably present, a slight pressure pushing against my feet.
The hole now complete, I arrange myself cross legged before it. Even for my magic this ritual is a simple one. I’ve done it enough to be quick with my knife, slicing my forearm barely deep enough for blood to well. I hold my arm over the hole, close my eyes, recite a short incantation, and I wait for the blood to fall. 
I feel it once it does. Not the actual sensation of liquid dripping from my skin. I feel the mote of myself fall free of my body and plummet to the ground, slipping into dirt. I follow it, sinking past decomposing plant matter and tangled roots. It’s difficult at first, holding my attention to so miniscule a thing. But the longer I manage the easier it gets. I become less and less aware of the body I’m leaving behind and more aware of the darkness, of the pressing earth all around me, the soft hum of magic. Time slows to a crawl, or fuzzes into obscurity. Still, at some point I notice the hum growing louder. It grows. And grows. And grows. And grows. And grows. 
Right as I’m uncertain how much longer I can tolerate it, dimly conscious of my distant body grinding its teeth, something yanks me down hard.
Suddenly I’m in a forest.  
It’s not the patchy mess of bramble and young trees sulking at the motel’s border. These trees are giants, their inky black trunks averaging the same width as my car and disappearing far up into mist before showing any signs of terminating. Dim twilight fumbles through gaps in foliage and spills out into hazy shafts. Where the light falls it sets grass and fern blearily aglow in blue-green patches, bright against the surrounding shadowed undergrowth. There’s a blurred quality to everything, which I blame instinctively upon my eyesight, reaching up to correct my glasses, before I realize I don’t have hands.
Or I do, but they’re not my hands. 
The translucent limbs before me appear loosely formed of black mist. I try to touch my face, but I can’t feel it, or my face doesn’t exist, or it does and I’m sticking my arm right through it. 
In a panic, I scramble to my feet, relieved I can despite the dubious substantiality of said feet. This isn’t right. The spell isn’t supposed to take me anywhere; I’m only intended to get a feel for the ley line’s magic. My mind wheels about with the rest of me, before I abruptly realize I can still feel my body.
My real body, that is. The one sitting cross legged in the dirt however far above me. Although I suppose it is an assumption that it’s still above me, who knows where this actually is, or if it even cares about things like euclidean space. Either way, the spell is still working, so I should be able to return. 
I take a deep breath. At least, I try to, only to discover the shadow avatar doesn’t breathe. Obviously. Not important. The smart thing to do now would be to turn around. When magic goes unexpectedly, back out, or so I say. 
But I intended to gather information, and while baffling, the turn of events seems likely to prove illuminating. I don’t care to waste the opportunity. So long as I can still leave, I may as well press on.
My legs don’t push aside the undergrowth as solid limbs would, but stems and leaves sway slightly with my passing. The accompanying rustle is just as strangely muted as everything else, though not as jarring as I would expect for it being the only sound. If there are any animals here, they are well hidden and silent. I’m not sure how long I’ve been walking when I realize something seems to be pulling me along, like a weak magnetic draw. A likely sign that I’m heading in the right direction. 
It's not a very comforting thought. 
Eventually I arrive at a clearing. On the opposing edge sits a tree with a large chunk bitten out of its side. Drawing closer, I correct bitten to melted. Something akin to glossy black tar drips lethargically from the depression, landing with soft wet smacks at the tree’s roots. Whatever the substance is, it’s viscous enough to form wobbly stalagmites under the drips, but thin enough to ooze, albeit at a crawling pace. By now it rings the tree’s base in an uneven puddle. It eats what little dim light filters through the mist and foliage and spits it back out into a distorted, obsidian reflection of the surrounding forest.
I intend to stop several feet from the edge of the puddle, but whatever’s been pulling at me jerks hard enough that I stumble. With more effort than I like, I step back. At this point the ferns at my feet begin to move, unfurling and refurling around my ankles. The fronds pass through my legs without actually grabbing hold of them, but it’s more than I needed to decide it’s time to leave. I try pulling my mind back but something catches. I stumble forward again. For a moment I’m struck by the possibility that I won’t be able to leave, gathering focus for another attempt, until-
“Jonesyyyyyyyyy.”
Then I’m staring down at the dirt again, panting, fingers digging into my knees. 
There’s rustling and cursing behind me. “Jonesyyyyyy, where the hell- oh. There you are.” The ground goes bleached white before me as it comes into the arc of your flashlight. You step into view picking bits of twig out of your shirt. “Why do you have to disappear to the most random places…” you drift off once you get a look at me.
“Hmmmm,” you hum, eyes wandering over me, the cut in my arm, and the hole. “Vibe check?” 
“Yes,” I answer, still slightly out of breath.
“Vibes bad?”
“Yes,” I repeat.
You sit down gingerly across from me, hand rolling in prompt to go on, nose wrinkling as you flick a crushed beer can away from you. 
I need a moment to gather my thoughts. “I think something’s corrupting the ley line. Maybe. I’m not sure.”
“Oh. Well that’s definitely bad.”
“Yes,” I say a third time.
You stare at me expectantly. “Did you find anything else in the room?” I ask before you can prod for more information. 
Air huffs out your nose. “Yup, had plenty of time to look around since you took forever,” you say, pulling a handful of items from your pocket. The items turn out to be a purple crystal pendant hanging from a silver chain, a small folding knife with a bone handle, and a stack of business cards. All but the cards buzz with magic. 
“That’s everything?”
“Oh don’t mention it, you’re so welcome Jonesy,” you say, pitching your voice higher. “And no, I couldn’t find a laptop or notes or anything like that. They’re either with her or someone got to them before us.”
“Mmmm,” I reply, thumbing through the business cards. [Figure out what’s on them, should be some misc, some people at the convention, maybe one from fen?]
The silence stretches before you speak again. “Can I ask a question now?” 
“Sure,” I answer, trying not to sound wary of what the question may be. 
“Why the hell do you look like an assault victim?”
The change of topic is abrupt enough that I don’t immediately realize what you’re referring to, even with you pointing to the bruising, the splotchy red hand imprint around my forearm starting to deepen to purple. I sigh. “I had an unpleasant encounter with a ghoul yesterday.” Not that I’ve ever had a pleasant encounter with one. 
“A ghoul? You got into a fist fight with a ghoul?” 
“A short range gun fight is probably a more accurate description, but more or less.” 
You stare at me again. I stare back and wait for whatever new question you’re chewing on. 
It comes eventually. “So you didn’t like, consider taking the week off after that? Instead of immediately romping across the state to conduct a missing persons investigation?” you inquire, in the smooth voice that usually indicates the question is less about gaining information then it is about pointing out my perceived idiocy. Or that’s how you explained it, at least. 
“Well. It was a gun fight in which I had the only gun. It could have been worse.”
‘You know, Jonesy,” you say, your words becoming more punctuated, “I was actually less concerned about gun distribution than the fact you were in arms reach of a monster who’s whooooooooole thing is necrotizing the flesh of its victims.”
It’s hard to argue with that. “I had wards prepared.” Not as many as I would have liked, given how things went, but enough.
“Ok!” you shout, “How about taking a day off?”
“I assure you I’m fine.”
“Jonesy. I don’t even wanna know how long you’ve been awake as of right now.”
Wonderful. I don’t care to share. “I’ll go to bed once I’ve gone through Pendrid’s suitcase,” I inform you.
“What the hell are you talking- ah. Right.” Your jaw works. You study something off to the side. Then you stand. “Whatever. I’m going to sleep. See you in the morning.”
And with that you walk off, leaving me with your fading footsteps and the rustling of leaves.
